Update README project name (#49)
WayScience/cellpainting_predicts_cardiac_fibrosis: README.md

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.13328681.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.13328681)

# Cell Painting predicts cardiac fibrosis

> In this repository, we generate pipelines to perform image analysis, image-based profiling, and training machine learning model to predict cardiac fibrosis phenotype using non-failing and failing single cell morphological profiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this repository, we perform image analysis, image-based profiling, and machine learning to predict failing and non-failing cardiac fibroblasts.
```

to simplify the one sentence summary

Author: Agreed, changed!
